

Intoduction
===========

This manual will tell you everything you need to know to start creating
hardware elements. This chapter will give you a rough overview of what you have
to do.. The other chapters will give you detailed information on specific
topics. Also the manual contains a tutorial you may find helpful.

In your job as an hardware engineer your task is to create designs for hardware
elements. You will get specifications for the hardware elements you have to
design and you will be provided with verification tests to prove that your
design works correctly.

Be aware, that in the "Explorer" window you will find a "Tasks" folder, which
contains all the designs you have to finish and a "Completed" folder, with
parts you either have completed yourself or you can simply use for your own
designs.

A specification always contains the interface specification, a graphical
erpresentation and behavioral description of the element you have to design.
- The interface specification is a list of inputs and outputs, each identified
  by a separate id
- The graphical representation helps you to visualize the element look, but
  doesn't contain any additional information
- The behavioral description contains a textual description of what the device
  is supposed to do. It also gives you a complete or imcomplete list of
  examples of what outuput values the device is supposed to generate for a
  given set of inputs

After you created your design you have to verify its correctness through the
simulator integrated into the Microhard Development Environment. The
verification process has following steps:
- Check compliance of the design with the interface specification
- Check compliance of the design with the syntax specification
- Check if design passes all verification tests

If the verification fails on the first two points, you will be given a
corresponding error message. If one or more tests fail, you will be given a
list of all tests and their results.

If you have problems creating a design try following approach:

1.  Read the element specification carefully.
1a. If it contains references to other elements or the manual, read the
    corresponding element specifications or manual chapters.
2.  Draw out a design on a piece of paper. You are allowed to use any already
    completed hardware elements as part of your new design.
3.  Once you think your design is correct, start writing it down in the
    "Design"-tab of the workspace according to the syntax specification.
4.  Press CTRL+ENTER to start the verification process
4a. In case you get an error message, closely inspect the error message and go
    back to step 3 to fix the problem in the design.
4b. In case one or more tests fail, picl a failed test and try to understand
    what happens if you apply its input values to your design and why your
    design's output values differ from the expected output values in the test.
    Go back to step 2 to fix that issue.
5.  If you made your way to this step: Congratulations! You successfully
    created the design for a piece of hardware.

The tutorial contained in this manual should prepare you to complete the first
actual tasks.
